Defintions: 

Workout - A Workout has many lifts on a specific date and start time for a specific user.  

Lift - a weightlifting activty eg, Barebell Squat, Barebell Strict Press, Barebell Row, Bench Press 

WorkoutLift - Stores workout_id, lift_id, and user_id. Also can get it's associated lift name. 
A workoutlift associates a specific lift name with a specific workout.

ExerciseSet is a specific lift that has associated weight and reps info for a specific user. 

User launches application.
Two possibilities
  1) New User 
    After signing up, should automatically log you in. (See NASA application)
  2) Login 

If they have no workouts entered, then see the "Start New Workout" button. After, then click the button. 
They click the "Add WorkoutLift" --- change to "Choose an exercise" --- form and select the exercise from 
the drop down. 
Then they click the submit button and the WorkoutLift name is added to database. 
Then the user will see that lift added, eg. "Bench Press" and a button bellow that to "Add workout info".
The User will only see the show exercise sets button -- the one with the down arrow -- if they have 
exercisesets.

Use a control that togglees the set data to either reveal it or hide it. 
The default state hides all the exercise set data is hidden -- id called #hide-me. 

Problem: I don't want to show the down arrow icon for an exercise if it doesn't have any exercise sets. 
Possible Solution: Add attribute to WorkoutLift on the backend called has_exercise_sets. When created, set it 
to false. 

When exercise_sets for a workout are submitted via HTTP request, set it to true inside the exercise_sets 
controller's create action. 
Then, inside displayWorkout function, if the WorkoutLift's has_exercise_sets attribute is false, 
don't add the showExerciseSets button with down arrow.

On the third click of the down arrow (show exerciseSets button) the exercise set is not revealed. 
Therefore the class is still 'hide-me'. 

Dealing with toggling the arrows

State 1: Exercise sets exist. Sets hidden. 
  Click on down arrow. 
  Display sets.
  Remove down arrow. 
  Add up arrow. 

State 2: Exercise sets exists. Sets revealed.
  Click on the up arrow. 
  Hide the sets. 
  Remove the up arrow. 
  Add the down arrow. 

State 3: Sets hidden.  New set created. New set revealed.
  Arrow in down state. When the set is created, the arrow should become an up arrow. 
  Click on up arrow. 
  Hide the set. 
  Remove the up arrow. 
  Add the down arrow. 

State 4: Set revealed. Add new. 
  The arrow is up. 
  When the new set is created, it should stay an up arrow.
  Then, if you click on the up arrow
  you should hide the set 
  remove the arrow 
  add the down arrow 

